18th Birthday cake tower, pink cupcakes topped with flowers on a Classikool cake stand. Cakes by Clare Chapman
 Lemon Meringue cupcakes baked in white foil baking cups wrapped with bird theme cupcake wrappers.
 obama cupcakes by flying monkey
 bear cupcakes in box
 Left:Jidori chicken confit, Right:octopus salad :Cabbage soup in a cup : Sauted vegatable in back
 Made in planet cake cupcakes book lauch, Had lots of fun!
 Urban Coffee Series - Thursday Dutch fish soup in espresso cup
 fish soup in ancient crock pot
 Happy visitor to the icecream van baths in flavour cloud
 This is a toasted rice ball in a green tea soup with crackers and green onions and nori strips. Very satisfying!
 fishhead soup (mystery fish) at the market adjoining yehliu geo-park, northern coast of taiwan.  Eyeball in the sticks.
 Japanese Ochazuke soup: sencha green tea to be poured over brown rice, baked salmon, &amp;amp; wasabi.Chicken sausage, naan &amp;amp; raita
 Food preparation area - see the plate of chicken and liver - that's what I had in my soup!
 Vanilla cake with colored layers in white, orange and yellow topped with SMBCHalloween cupcake order for 5 doz cupcakes
 300 mini cupcakes and cutting cake in navy, lime green and white.
 Boston creme cupcakes in a pizza box
 noodle soup in white plate over the black background
 Getting ready to make flower pot cupcakes here are the toppers ready to go sugar cookies decorated in RI .
 pink rose cupcakes in a pot
 christmas 2009 in the kitchen while we were making cupcakes with her new girl gourmet cupcake maker
 cupcakes -- in black and white
 Mee Calong = noodles in clear soup with fish balls, tofu and beansprouts = yums!
 winter garden in a rolling pink handmade box nourished by astronaut icecream style pellets
 Two cute fondant frogs in a pond sit atop this couples cake with some lovely cupcakes to match!
 Getting ready to make flower pot cupcakes here are the toppers ready to go sugar cookies decorated in RI
 instead of getting her soup in a bowl like &amp;quot;normal&amp;quot;, the italian restaurant gave missy her soup in a box
 instead of getting her soup in a bowl like &amp;quot;normal&amp;quot;, the italian restaurant gave missy her soup in a box
 Chips and dip from Rose, vegetables from Jennifer, fresh fruit salad from Marianne and red velvet cupcakes make from scratch by Kara's mom.
 A Taste of Rubies Edible Favors - Red velvet cupcakes in little cute house boxes
 punk rock kitchen (necessary ingredient in vegan cupcakes)
 The view out the door whilst eating icecream at Fanny's on the last day in Hanoi.
 Raspberry &amp;amp; white chocolate mini cupcakes - customer wanted simple design in pink &amp;amp; green for girl's 2nd birthday
 weekend specials: vegetarian Italian wedding soup, Viet salad, burritos, rice ball in Matcha green tea broth..
 Teriyaki chicken over brown rice, salad, gyoza, California roll and miso soup. At Itsuki.
 Pretty in pink & silver cake & cupcakes for a combined 20th & 21st birthday
 the floor outside &amp;quot;St. John of God&amp;quot;'s soup kitchen in Abadiania
 Small white cake with baby in flower topper. cupcakes iced with bc with fondant accents
 Hi hat cupcakes - red velvet cupcake with green italian meringue dipped in semi-sweet chocolate.Halloween cupcake order for 5 doz cupcakes
 Hi hat cupcakes - red velvet cupcake with green italian meringue dipped in semi-sweet chocolate.Halloween cupcake order for 5 doz cupcakes
 fish cake in soup
 I know it looks like pea soup green but it matches the yellow in the Kitchen very well.
 ubiquitous greens, fish buried in nuts, scalding duck soup
 Made in planet cake cupcakes book lauch, Had lots of fun!
 The chicken broccoli black bean soup, at the Broadway Grill, in Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood.
 Choclate cupcakes hearts, daisies, butterflies in red & pink
 wonderful chicken soup in Stock pot
 butterfly at the base of a tree trunk in the garden landscape cupcakes
 Left: black truffle explosion. Right: the hot potato-cold potato soup without the soup poured in the bowl yet.
 Left: black truffle explosion. Right: the hot potato-cold potato soup without the soup poured in the bowl yet.
 Made at home in a D.O. and moved to a crock pot for the office crowd (soup day).Ingredients:BaconOnionGarlicPepperCeleryChicken BrothHam HocksBeans
 Lunch on our boat cruise in China.  The shrimp was my favorite but beware of the fish soup...
 Dinner made by one of Kate's friends...yes, that is an entire chicken in the bowl of soup
 The duck was swimming around at Titchwell in a golden muddy soup.
 lunchtime! Left over chicken noodle soup, wheat fiber crackers and light laughing cow cheese.
 Cuban black bean soup in bread bowl
 sugar free black raspberry and dark chocolate icecream bar by Blue Bunny. they're good. but they've got rules.
 Birthday girl got a special box of Barbie themed cupcakes in her favourite colour pink.
 A monkey getting the cold icecream treatment, in the shopping street leading to USJ.
 clear seafood soup in fish dumpling
 Scallop in pea soup with flying fish roe
 mixed fish ball soup.  I think there was shark meat in there.
 hearty chicken soup in a large pot with lid
 Thai rice noodle soup serve with slice chicken simmer in the soup and top with bean sprouts, green onion and fry garlic.
 Thai rice noodle soup serve with slice chicken simmer in the soup and top with bean sprouts, green onion and fry garlic.
 yes, she is sitting in a soup pot
 beginning stages of a corn soup - corn and onions saute-ing in the soup pot before the chicken stock goes in
 beginning stages of a corn soup - corn and onions saute-ing in the soup pot before the chicken stock goes in
 Getting some hand-dipped icecream on the way up to my lake house over Memorial Day weekend.
 I made these cupcakes for a Halloween party  last year. Love the orange and black sprinkles against the green icing!
 cuppa soup in a plastic bowl -  sustainance of kings! Richard staring mournfully at reconstituted carrot.
 Testing my camera-phone-to-flickr on a bowl of instant udon soup. Soup by Annie Chun (instant add water and mix!)
 Grouper ball rice noodle in fish soup
 The flavor is &amp;quot;Oshiruko&amp;quot;, a sweet red bean soup with a rice cake floating in the middle.
 Extremely zesty orange and poppyseed cupcakes that leaves your tongue tingling.Made with oranges from tree in the backyard.
 yep, i made these. cupcakes in a pink box + cute wooden cut outs = pretty!
 page 2 of a paper about cupcakes i accidentally grabbed in the library about cupcakes...or the death penalty
 page 2 of a paper about cupcakes i accidentally grabbed in the library about cupcakes...or the death penalty
 chicken noodle soup and carrots in pot
 Spicy pig blood soup at night market in Taipei, Taiwan
 A warm basket of brown and white ryes. Mmm. We ate them with butter and dipped in our soup.
 Noodles in soup with chicken and green lettuce.
 The cake surrounded by cupcakes and a high heel shoe cake cutter.
 a lamp focused in a bowl of very spicy soup.
 turtle fish soup on river cruise in guilin
 Large cupcakes in clear plastic box...the box is so sweet, love this too :)
 thick mushroom soup in the black bread bowl
 A Spongebob white cake surrounded by 10 cupcakes showinf some of the characters from the show
 chicken breasts baked in marinade; the stock bubbles away on one burner, and the soup base gurgles on the other
 in case you were wondering how much cake flour you need for 200 red velvet cupcakes
 Keep in mind that for scale, that coffee cup is one of those extra huge soup bowl sized mugs...
 ....part of the red bridge accross the pond around the Richmond Speedskating Oval...happy joyous Sunday!...off to make cupcakes at Crumsby's!!
 Day 3's lunch: Yang chuen noodle in cilantro soup (+ bok choy + fish ball + Chinese dumplings) by ME!
 Mini cupcakes with flower design. Suitable for hantaran/gift - in clear box with organza ribbon.Pls email aimishaz@yahoo.com for inquiries! :)
 Mini cupcakes in clear box again
 Let's Eat Together, Yau Ma Tei, Kowloon, Hong KongWide, fettucine-like pumpkin noodles with chicken and black mushrooms in soup.
 If you boil the water you end up with a nice turtle soup in the Curacao Zoo.30.07.2005
 tire cupcakes in the window box
 Classic yellow cake cupcakes with  pink and brown sparkles, sprinkles, dots and swirls. for the girly-girl in all of us!
 Cupcake tower with 55 regular sized vanilla cupcakes in black cases.Decorated with vanilla buttercream, and topped alternating silver and black stars and &amp;quot;21&amp;quot;.
 Cup of soup on glass plate at event in Sydney.
 my god-daughters birthday cake - she wanted a giant cupcake surround by little cupcakes all pink and sparkly
 mini chocolate cake surrounded by cupcakes, perched in a puddle of ganache.  Kinda resembles a bear paw.
 Made in planet cake cupcakes book lauch, Had lots of fun!
 A girl eating hot soup while a boy skates in Jubilee Gardens.
 View from my kitchen window.  The large soup pot is drying in the foreground--I made pasta in it yesterday.
 first time in life i tried the 100% genuine saito fish ball soup from Alward, hand-made in progress...ho cheak !
 Made in planet cake cupcakes book lauch, Had lots of fun!
 dog cupcakes made by our friends Bill and Marissa - for human consumption, just in the shape of furry friends
 Mesquite chicken with potato chunks and broccolli &amp;amp; veggies under salsa, and side cup of chicken soup.
 Lone fish cake roll in clear soup
 Mossy's Masterpiece - Matching shoe & bag cupcake box - Karratha cakes & cupcakes made locally by Mossy
 The beautiful princess' castle cake made by Nana and Gramma complete with princess cupcakes
 different animal cupcakes along with the humpty dumpty cake by armi &amp;amp; roselle! banana choc chip cupcakes with butter icing.
 different animal cupcakes along with the humpty dumpty cake by armi &amp;amp; roselle! banana choc chip cupcakes with butter icing.
 I don't know if it has sonar , otherwise how does it find fish in the green soup
 Classic yellow cake cupcakes with  pink and brown sparkles, sprinkles, dots and swirls. for the girly-girl in all of us!
 The first homemade dish eaten after my arrival in Texas, along with a big bowl of matzoh ball soup
 I loved that chicken and coconut soup and the way they decorate the plates with hand cut vegetables in flower shapes!
 Course 6: Octupus with dill on the fork, green garbanzo and garlic soup with mint foam in the bowl
 Brownies cupcakes with white n blue buttercream, decorated with roses n butterflies...supposedly for a wedding in Feb.
 beef ball &amp;amp; fish ball noodle in soup (garden cafe in alhambra)
 Wedding dress mini cake design and coordinating cupcakes in wedding party colors.
 Cooking bean with bacon soup on the stove in my red dutch oven.
 My elder boy turned five.  And insisted we frost the cupcakes in orange and green.
 chicken and orzo soup, artisan break and beach bum colada cupcake with AWESOME lime curd in the middle!
 This lobster soup was served in a piece of stiff white paper in a fancy bowl. There's a lobster tail under that lobster head.
 Mossy's Masterpiece - Awhina's super girl cake & cupcakes - Karratha cakes & cupcakes made locally by Mossy
 Mossy's Masterpiece - Awhina's super girl cake & cupcakes - Karratha cakes & cupcakes made locally by Mossy
 White fish cake (with seaweed and edamame and carrots), in a mushroom and chrysanthenum soup, topped with citrus pepper paste
 cupcakes for boys and girls in blue and pink
 We had chicken soup, barbecue, marinara pasta made by mom! And lola's cake and ice cream from lolita. Yummy!
 cupcakes in a vase, cupcakes decorated like roses to look like a bouquet of flower
 cupcakes in a vase, cupcakes decorated like roses to look like a bouquet of flower
 ...use a real free land chicken in a &amp;quot;Meissen Blue Onion&amp;quot; soup plate on a white tablecloth.
 Vanilla cake with colored layers in white, orange and yellow topped with SMBCHalloween cupcake order for 5 doz cupcakes
 and celery in the blue bag - the offcuts went into the soup yesterday
 Pretty typical cream soup at some strange Haitian-themed restaurant in an office building in the Shiodome area.
 soup in black & white
 no, not a fly in my soup, just a tree in the road. this tree is the one covering the red truck.
 Fish head in my soup with VERY white eye ball that kept falling out.
 Digging into the birthday cake (cupcakes in ice cream cones).Notice the great backyardigans coloring book from Tony
 This goes in a big bowl of chicken soup.
 I shook the liquid soup bottle that was in my bathroom and that is what it looked like.
 Bought a bunch for making soup - had a bit left standing in a little pot of water.............
 12 cupcakes in the shape of a flower with pink butterflys complete this flower cupcake birthday cake
 These are the people who helped with the Saturday barbecue at the soup kitchen at the Holy Cross formation house in Santiago.
 Chocolate Christmas tree cupcakes with a peppermint cream star covered in gold and red glitter.
 weekend specials: vegetarian Italian wedding soup, Viet salad, burritos, rice ball in Matcha green tea broth..
 sugar free black raspberry and dark chocolate icecream bar by Blue Bunny. they're good. but they've got rules.
 Tomato soup in my green bowl
 weekend specials: vegetarian Italian wedding soup, Viet salad, burritos, rice ball in Matcha green tea broth..
 Tiny cupcakes made by my fantastic husband...  white cake with whipped strawberry icing.
 this girl was in the battle with the chicken noodle soup dance
 Inspired by Anne @ the pink cake box!Order for a high school graduate, +36 cupcakes and 24 cookies
 kimchi, nasty version of &amp;quot;spaghetti&amp;quot; ..good soft squid mixed in red hot sauce, chicken and other things soup, rice
 cupcakes charmingly presented in a cardboard fruit packing box :0)
 pretty flower cupcakes above the seasame street ones
 Green tea icecream and mixed fruit bowl at the pan-asian restaurant in Ankara
 This fish soup had beef and chicken in it! It was very nice, though. 14/06/2006
 for our first breakfast in Saigon we had duck noodle soup from a street vendor... DE-licious!
 baby in the bath tub baby shower cupcakes
 Orange soup in blue soup bowl
 Orange soup in blue soup bowl
 orange flower water cupcakes with cardamom - viewed from above
 Classic yellow cake cupcakes with  pink and brown sparkles, sprinkles, dots and swirls. for the girly-girl in all of us!
 Sauteed veggies in fillo dough, fruit salad, green salad with bibb lettuce. Oh: and black bean soup.
 Vanilla cupcakes baked in silver foil cases and topped with pale green fondant icing, finished with flower daisies.
 Raspberry white choc and white choc mud cupcakes with silver cachous, and fresh flower topper (provided by bride)
 We had a little farewell party with a cake and cupcakes for one of my colleagues in the office today.
 Simple vanilla cupcakes with vanilla buttercream and pink mimosas, presented in butterfly baskets
 Chocolate mudcake and orange cake covered in fondant icing with matching vanilla cupcakes.
 Clam, seafood and chicken soup in a tea pot with sea food stock to drink in the tea cup!
 I have a cold today. This is my reflection in the pot while I'm heating up some chicken soup.
 home cooked meal by adrians sister...fish soup, dagalos, rice, duck and grilled fish
 Lemon Meringue cupcakes baked in white foil baking cups wrapped with bird theme cupcake wrappers.
 Provencal fish soup in the fish like bowl
 only when made by an pole you can call it chicken soup
 Part of the pooh bear cupcake towerCupcakes have been inspired by the gorgeous Kylie Lambert beauiful garden and butterfly cupcakes.
 These cupcakes accompanied a road sign birthday cake and were made for my older sons' fifth birthday in February 2009.
 Die cast car lledo made in england Campbell's soup truck 1997
 These cute cupcakes with the fireman hat picks were in 4 flavors Strawberry, Lemon, Chocolate, and Funfetti.
 Cupcake tower with 55 regular sized vanilla cupcakes in black cases.Decorated with vanilla buttercream, and topped alternating silver and black stars and &amp;quot;21&amp;quot;.
 A bowl of miso soup full of udon noodles and tofu, with a glass mug of green tea in the background.
 These colorful candies are made out of fish and melt in your soup!
 topsy turvy cake inspired by book by lindy smith. + cupcakes inspired by gingerbread house
 i recommend buyng the icecream in a plastic cup before boarding
 Extremely zesty orange and poppyseed cupcakes that leaves your tongue tingling.Made with oranges from tree in the backyard.
 8 in beach cake plus cupcakes
 page 1 of a paper about cupcakes i accidentally grabbed in the library about cupcakes...or the death penalty
 page 1 of a paper about cupcakes i accidentally grabbed in the library about cupcakes...or the death penalty
 JJ's homemade potato soup!  It was in the crock pot all day and made the house smell wonderful!
 Granddad in back, our older son - father, birthday girl and brother eating pizza before cupcakes
 Fish ball and minced pork in large bowl of soup
 soup in a dog bowl
 Mini cupcakes in clear box
 cat in the hat dr seuss cupcakes
 Rice and red beans in the banana leaf and soup with 'high fiber fruits, vegetables and yellow vine'
 Neat stained glass window in the Steak &amp;amp; Ale in Birmingham.  They have wonderful French onion soup.
 Dragan, Roger, Gaynor had fresh chicken soup at the the market in downtown Cuzco. Highly recommended!
 Hi hat cupcakes - red velvet cupcake with green italian meringue dipped in semi-sweet chocolate.Halloween cupcake order for 5 doz cupcakes
 Hi hat cupcakes - red velvet cupcake with green italian meringue dipped in semi-sweet chocolate.Halloween cupcake order for 5 doz cupcakes
 Lavender infused cupcakes. Lit by the setting sunlight, diffused by a thin white curtain, through my kitchen window.
 Catching up again.Cooking in summady's kitchen in Melbourne.  It was a cross between beef stew and tomatoe soup. lol
 An illustration I did with boys in fancy dress standing on top of cupcakes
  penguins in icecream bowl ice cream composing penguin fantasy imagination cold sky
 christmas 2009 in the kitchen while we were making cupcakes with her new girl gourmet cupcake maker
 Brownies cupcakes with white n blue buttercream, decorated with roses n butterflies...supposedly for a wedding in Feb.
 a set of chicken rice cooked by me. The soup - plenty of white cabbage, fish balls, and button mushrooms.
 A girl in sailor striped mini dress with her friend has bought an icecream
 cat in the hat cupcakes
 reflection in icecream van mirror of St Peter's Basilica
 Made at home in a D.O. and moved to a crock pot for the office crowd (soup day).Ingredients:BaconOnionGarlicPepperCeleryChicken BrothHam HocksBeans
 Chicken over rice &amp;amp; fish ball soup
 fish in the middle of rice deep fried ball thing in soup
 I made these cupcakes for a Halloween party  last year. Love the orange and black sprinkles against the green icing!
 tientsin cabbage braised in a superior soup with crab roe and white flower crab meat
  blue and brown wedding shower cupcakes, with handmade gumpaste flowers and leaves, in luscious lemon, brown butter pecan and pumpkin
 sautee the seaweed with garlic and crumble in ground beef, as the base for soup.
 Mini cupcakes topped with marshmallow fondant swirl Christmas trees in pink and white
 simple cupcakes with pink, black and white decoration, in lace paper wrappersEvent: Lauryn's 4th Birthday!
 Ramen in Kuro soup base topped with beansprouts, fish cake, green onions, and kimchi.
 chicken with carrots, onions, red peppers, and garlic left over from starting a vegetable soup.
 A toy boat in a bowl of noodle soup blowing smoke. The view from a porthole.
 The vegetarian soup is in the green pot, because it's green.  Therefore, in the silver pot is meaty soup, because it's silver.
 The vegetarian soup is in the green pot, because it's green.  Therefore, in the silver pot is meaty soup, because it's silver.
 20 cupcakes covered in white buttercream icing make up this cupcake cake decorated like a baseball
 My first proper meal in Singapore, fish ball soup with sugar cane juice at a local hawker centre!
 Camp chef specializing in oatmeal, everything but the kitchen sink soup and garbage bag salad!
 Big bowl deal; of fish, onion, mushroom and black pepper in egg noodles in soup at the Coventry Noodle Bar
 the la sal mountains off in the distance, in the fore ground are &amp;quot;soup bowls&amp;quot; in sand stone with lichen of various color
 Boiled shredded chicken in a white gravy with dumpling. Like a more hearty chicken noodle soup.
 Hearty pieces of minced fish and pork stuffed into eggplant, red chilli, fried tofu and bittergourd simmered in chicken soup.
 Vanilla cake with rich chocolate truffle frosted cupcakes and a white chocolate cameo dusted in pearl - romaaaaaaance, darling!
 Pretty pink flower cupcakes in full glittery bloom!
 Curry NoodlesChinese egg noodles + rice noodles in curry soup base with vegetables, cuttlefish, pig's blood cake
 cat in the hat cupcakes 2
